Update readme (installation guide and getting started) and contributing (#53)
meilisearch/meilisearch-java: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Make your changes.
6. [Submit the branch as a PR](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) pointing to the `master` branch of the main meilisearch-java repository. A maintainer should comment and/or review your Pull Request within a few days. Although depending on the circumstances, it may take longer.<br>
 We do not enforce a naming convention for the PRs, but **please use something descriptive of your changes**, having in mind that the title of your PR will be automatically added to the next [release changelog](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-java/releases/).

## Development Workflow

### Setup

```bash
$ ./gradlew install
```

### Tests

Each PR should pass the tests to be accepted.

```bash
# Tests
$ docker pull getmeili/meilisearch:latest # Fetch the latest version of MeiliSearch image from Docker Hub
$ docker run -p 7700:7700 getmeili/meilisearch:latest ./meilisearch --master-key=masterKey --no-analytics=true
$ ./gradlew test
```

Integration tests will be run in your PR to check everything is OK, but you can run this test in your local environment

```bash
# Tests

> $ ./gradlew test IntegrationTest

Author: Integration guides are exluded from the basic tests, because they require a MeiliSearch instance and are a little bit long. Normal tests will just mock and test methods input/output.

Integration tests are run by default in the CI, but not in your local environment unless you ask so, by using this command

> $ ./gradlew test IntegrationTest

Reviewer: Ok, I need to upgrade the CI so that all the tests will pass when doing a PR
let it like this for the moment 👍

> $ ./gradlew test IntegrationTest

Author: The CI runs all the tests already

<!-- MarkdownTOC autolink="true" style="ordered" indent="   " -->

- [Assumptions](#assumptions)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Development Workflow](#development-workflow)
- [Git Guidelines](#git-guidelines)
- [Release Process (for Admin only)](#release-process-for-admin-only)

<!-- /MarkdownTOC -->

## Assumptions

1. **You're familiar with [GitHub](https://github.com) and the [Pull Request](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-requests)(PR) workflow.**
2. **You've read the MeiliSearch [documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com) and the [README](/README.md).**
3. **You know about the [MeiliSearch community](https://docs.meilisearch.com/resources/contact.html). Please use this for help.**

## How to Contribute

1. Make sure that the contribution you want to make is explained or detailed in a GitHub issue! Find an [existing issue](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-java/issues/) or [open a new one](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-java/issues/new).

> 2. Once done, [fork the XXX repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo) in your own GitHub account. Ask a maintainer if you want your issue to be checked before making a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once done, [fork the meilisearch-java repository](https://help.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo) in your own GitHub account. Ask a maintainer if you want your issue to be checked before making a PR.
```

3. [Create a new Git branch](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository).
4. Review the [Development Workflow](#workflow) section that describes the steps to maintain the repository.
5. Make the changes on your branch.

> 6. [Submit the branch as a PR](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) pointing to the `master` branch of the main XXX repository. A maintainer should comment and/or review your Pull Request within a few days. Although depending on the circumstances, it may take longer.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. [Submit the branch as a PR](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork) pointing to the `master` branch of the main meilisearch-java repository. A maintainer should comment and/or review your Pull Request within a few days. Although depending on the circumstances, it may take longer.<br>
```
